hello and welcome to
just grab my name is massa and
Today I show a kitkat
chocolate cake filled with m & ms
is
I have one for that
chocolate cake struck the me
here in the middle with apricots or
Marillenmarmelade fill and then above
brush again
so that the cake is a little more juicy
the lower part is then painted
I stick it in straw with it
I have a better stability with it
I then the second arc on types
I can cut that exactly on the
height and then the small floor
I sit on top have a bottom
diameter of 26 centimeters and 18
centimeter height
and on top of that comes a diameter
of 18 cm I'm right up here now
I feel so in the back
middle with apricot jam sneaking
me that smooth and then tower
the second half on top I have yes
already uploaded a video in the where
I have a kitkat pie maker with me
modems that was a dummies cake
there are more out with a dead so
I already mentioned that
a cake was ordered because we were in the
showcase the data pies dummies
and that is the real dead now
which was ordered
if i did that i will get the kitkat
tie with chocolate on and the stressed
Around the baptism to his departed
I realized that I have to do a little bit
paint better
The cake is so juicy and white
they did not hold that back either
Next , I think it was better
if you put the whole pie with chocolate
Cover or jam
I'm sure I have something here
learned but otherwise I was very
happy with the pie
she was also very well I had one
Good feedback from the customer and the
Of course I am always happy when I am
other people make people happy
can
Now it continues where I am on
and when I'm around the pie I go
I then see you on the upper floor
the dot s 8 cm high and so a kitkat
bar is just under ten centimeters
so we make the entry and am above
I now also through and you see
Now here for the end to break
I just let go and the
perfect on
since we have seen that stability
I'm not in a good mood with esther
the gap with chocolate on it
Keep kitkat even better, of course
also a little more taste if you
there was still chocolate made
I have the sections of the cake
it really tastes a great recipe
I will then in the infobox
sign up for copying at home
can write me 1 comment we that
video finds or the already or the
who baked the cake as you did the cake
found cake
I am always happy about feedback
then I have a location
how you find the videos or what I do
can improve or what i already good
thus , we are the ones we leave filled
the chocolate gets a bit tighter
and that was exactly the thirtieth
birthday
then I have a candle pay me
Taken in the colors of the
modems is really well fitted and
were then to the cavities with m & ms too
to fill
I do not spend much effort there
they are really beautiful on the wild
tart be tasted easily
really nice fill and then it looks
really good too
I think superior to him
16 and 17 kitkat used and five or five
six bags of amon dams for this tour and
torte maybe so for this info
Sure enough for 35 to 40 people
does not look that big, but man
Of course, that's very important
rich and he is heavy one
chocolate cake quite as many modems
and the kitkat still so if I you o
I have filled up there
once again the stars are dispensed with
show I have my colored roll
gouged out of the
attached with flower wire
So the ones from the stars
impaled and I put it now
wild in the gate 3 it is safe from
beneficial if you look at the pieces of the
At dry then you have no
problems when inserting and hold them
I might as well maybe one day
prepare in advance
and yes, the pies are already done
I look forward to the feedback if
you liked it , I got thumbs up
or subscribed channel until the next
times
marcel from simply bach